Ladies and gentlemen, in this video,
we're going to be going through the $1
million a month action plan. I'm going
to go through step by step what I would
do, what funnels I would bias towards
launching with, how we would structure
it, pricing details as it relates to
offers, a little bit of offer stuff
peppered in there. We're going to go
through some of the ad strategies that I
would launch with. Can't stress it
enough. This is a nice well-encompassing
video to go over a $1 million a month
launch plan. If you're new to the
channel, that's all we ever talk about
around here is hitting million dollar a
month. Of course, according to the US
Bureau of Labor Statistics, there is
a.1% probability that you ever hit $10
million a year, let alone the even
slimmer chance that you hit the big
million dollars a month. And of course,
if you're already a subscriber, welcome
back. Absolute pleasure to have you.
You're probably wondering where the [__]
is Jeremy filming today. This is a new
facility that we acquired for our inner
circle masterminds. We have a nice pool
table over here as an example. Perfectly
leveled, need I not say, for that exact
spot that you see it, and I'm not
allowed to move it anywhere. 800 lb over
here. Soon enough, we'll have a nice
ping pong table. There's still many
things, as you can see, they're actively
being done to the facility. Okay, we
have many things to do. Behind me here,
we have a 220in screen, 4K LED. I put a
serious sound system into this place.
And on top of that, what you guys can't
see, it's actually an entire another
half behind you that we have here for
the lounging and the networking side of
things that we'll do throughout the
Inner Circle Masterminds. I also want to
say there's a few things missing over
here along this wall. I have four
branded arcade machines with 13,000
games a piece. I mean, what's better
during networking at a mastermind than
beating somebody's ass and taking a
little bit of money from them,
hypothetically, assuming we're gambling
a bit on Mortal Kombat or like Street
Fighter or something like that, you
know? Sounds pretty cool to me. So,
anyway, still here in good old Miami,
Florida, but decided [__] it. Why not
shoot a YouTube video today inside of
here? So, without further ado, let's
dive in. Okay, number one, and this
one's most important. Okay, you always
want to start by doing the milliondoll a
month math. If you try to launch towards
a million dollars a month and you do not
do basic math, you are a [__] Okay?
You have no idea. It becomes like a
random you're just going to stumble into
the goal kind of situation or never even
come close to the goal situation if you
don't have the clarity from doing the
actual math. The math is super simple.
It's super simple. You take a million
dollars, okay? And you're going to
divide it by what your average AOV is
currently. So, whatever you actually
cash collect. I'm not one of those guys
that's ever going to tell you to
optimize around your future revenue or
your future ROI that you may or may not
get from payment plans that you're
putting people on. I prefer to optimize
around 30-day cash collected. What I've
also found is everybody who I've ever
worked with gives a [__] to do the exact
same. We're fronting dollars and risking
dollars. And within that same 30-day
cycle, we want to be able to put that
money back in our pocket and put some
additional cash in our bank account as
well. Is it awesome if we get some
additional money beyond that? Sure. But
I'm going cash collected in real time
when I say AOV. What I'm then going to
get out of this is the amount of
customers that I actually need to
generate within that 30-day cycle to be
able to crack a million gross in a
month. What I'm then going to be able to
do, and this really depends on what you
currently got going on from here,
assuming you're going to do it via paid
advertising, we could back into the full
math. If you're already paid
advertising, we have numbers that we
could plug into a financial model. If
you're brand new to paid advertising and
you're only doing everything organic
currently, you're obviously not going to
have numbers and you're going to have to
go with some assumptions. So, you're
more probable in that case to want to
bias towards worst case scenario
statistics in your financial model, but
you also have to be aware of like the
general range of what it's going to cost
to acquire when you spend money to
acquire a specific customer. Here's the
moral of the story. Once you do the
math, it reveals all the other numbers
that you get to back into from there.
Once I get the amount of customers, I
can just go backwards. So, as an example
of that, just to be clear, I can back
into it with my close rate. By the way,
quick note on the YouTube channel, one
of the inner circle masterminds I've
done over the years, I had a migraine in
a particular week when I was here
filming for YouTube. So, I didn't film.
I grabbed one of the mastermind talks
out of our mastermind library vault for
the inner circle and I threw it here on
YouTube for you guys in its entirety. It
is on closer math. And I was
specifically grilling one of the guys
who was in the room for that mastermind
who was stuck around like 7 or 800K a
month for a long time. And I broke down
his math specifically in front of
everybody and plugged it for a whole
bunch of different examples for people
that were in the room. The moral of the
story is that specific video goes
through like every one of these numbers.
But anyway, rough estimate for you guys.
Let's assume that you have a close rate.
And again, close rate depends on how
you're going to generate the customers.
Live webinars, challenge funnels, are
you doing low ticket to high ticket
ascension rates? Are you doing a call
funnel? Are you doing DM ads? Obviously,
that's going to dictate all the numbers
that you specifically need to back into,
but you got things like close rate, you
got things like show rate, and of
course, you have to factor in one call
close or two call close. Uh, in that
example, you'd have your show rate for
the second call, the close rate for the
second call, you'd have the second call
booking rate, you'd have the first call
show rate, you'd have the cost per first
call, things like that. Um, assuming you
have a one call close, close rate, show
rate. You obviously have your cost per
call, and you'd obviously want to do
your cost per qualified call in that
example. And then that's going to reveal
the total amount of calls that you
actually need to generate. And then when
you take the total amount of calls that
you need to generate times the cost per
call, that gives you the amount of ad
spend that you're going to need to drop.
And that's ultimately what we're looking
for if we're going to take the paid
advertising approach to acquiring all of
our customers. Now, there's a lot of
different examples out there through
time that have done substantial launch
events where they'll mix organic and
they'll mix paid. That's a great way to
have a oneoff milliondoll month. But
when you want to have consistency in
cracking million-dollar months, you
rather need to start having a channel
that can consistently provide you the
amount of calls, aka the amount of leads
and opportunities to actually be able to
have any chance to hit that amount of
revenue every single month. I don't ever
want to encourage you to just do it one
time. I'd prefer you to build a model
that can consistently tap it month over
month over month. The other way, and
this is also really important to
understand, is through recurring offers.
Okay, so recurring offers help a lot.
This this is a lot of great game I'm
going to put you on for this specific
way you need to think about recurring
offers and why they're so important. So,
let's assume you get your total ad spend
number that you actually need to spend
in a 30-day window to generate x amount
of calls or x amount of webinar leads
that are going to turn into calls or
sales, etc. And you look at that number
and you're a little intimidated by it.
You know, you're pretty far away from
it. Let's say you're spending tens of
thousands of dollars a month and you
learn you need to spend like a hundred
to 300k a month to generate a mill a
month. Well, in that example, to be
intimidated by the numbers simply means
that you have a financial deficit. Okay?
And in order to close that financial
deficit, why not have a way where other
people can fund our ad spend for us?
That's how we could start to frame some
of the organic sales that we might
generate in a month. The organic revenue
that we produce, like we get guys that
come to us all the time that are doing a
couple hundred grand a month all the way
up to literally a couple million dollars
a month already that are purely organic
revenue. And what they'll do is is
they'll siphon off some of that organic
profit that they're generating and they
use it for their paid advertising
gambling budgets that they get. And
those people have the opportunity to
take more risk because they already have
a set amount of organic revenue that
they project month over month to come in
based on the fact they consistently
grow. They already have it for a long
period of time. So they have a rough
idea of how consistent it is and like
what they can expect for revenue ranges.
And again, they'll just siphon off a
budget. they can risk it for 30 days,
vaporize it, and then have it again
there waiting for them in the next 30
days to gamble with. The alternative to
that is you get other people to pay for
the ad spend for you. If you already
have a customer base or you already have
somewhat of a following, rather than
trying to sell these people a
transactional service, try to consider
an offer that might be like a,000 to
upwards of $10,000 a month that you can
have people consistently paying for for
upwards of 6 months or a year plus,
ideally lifetime, as long as you can
consistently provide enough value and
you get enough people that pay for that.
Let's assume you go with the $1,000 a
month model. Okay? If you charge a
measly 1K a month for something and you
had about 50 people that pay you for
that, assuming you have a little bit of
costs on that, you might have upwards of
30 to after it obviously becomes pure
profit, potentially upwards of
$40ish,000 a month that you have the
opportunity that other people are paying
you to turn around and use for paid
advertising. That's a great way to
enable you to kind of inch up a little
bit on the current budget range that you
have. You have to reframe it so you can
close that gap sooner. Of course,
there's generally a lot that you have to
be able to accomplish successfully when
scaling to maintain the stability and
consistency while you scale. Going from
$50,000 a month in spend to upwards of
$300,000 a month in spend likely is
going to stress test your systems along
the way. And there's specific problems
that you might run into that take you
weeks to solve per problem. As an
example, hiring closers. You have a
finite team that you've worked with on
the organic side of things for a long
time or at a very low level on the paid
advertising side for a long time. Now,
you're going to have to expand that team
rapidly. You're going to have to be able
to acquire closers, be able to
successfully throw them onto the
calendars within like a couple week
duration of time from hiring to the
point of getting on the calendars and
filling their calendars. 2 weeks is the
most ideal scenario. For most of you,
it's going to be upwards of 3 to four
weeks. My point is that needs to become
something you become highly skilled at
and more efficient at as time continues
to pass because that's going to delay
your ability to have the consistent
million-dollar months. So anyway, moral
of the story is besides making sense of
the money, you obviously have to make
sure that your systems, your
fulfillment, your sales teams all have
the capacity to handle whatever the math
reveals. And that builds what we call
the scaling plan. The scaling plan
reveals how much we need to spend
incrementally over time. And we can back
into that number as well for when we
want to spend that additional cash. I
can go into a basic Google sheet and I
can show that here's my current spend
that I'm going to risk in 30 days.
Here's how many calls that's probable to
produce for me and how many
opportunities I'm going to get and
therefore here's how many people I'm
probable to generate revenue from and
how much revenue I'm going to get. Then
the next week I can say, "Okay, I'm
going to scale it this much, and then
the next week this much, and then the
next week, this much." And I can see how
many more calls are going to come in.
And I can therefore know ahead of time,
I'm going to need to hire this many
closers by this date, this many closers
by this date, this many closers by this
date. Because again, it's a 3 to four
week best case scenario, two week
problem that you have to solve. That has
to be something you can perpetually do.
You obviously also have to have the
skill set and knowhow to actually fill
the calendars consistently on the paid
advertising side, the organic side, or
the combination of the two. You have to
have the proper sales management in
place to be able to train these people
and activate them quickly so you can
confidently take that risk to fill their
calendar, right? And here's the thing. I
want to be really clear on this. My
channel has so many videos that can help
you with that confidence. But of course,
my paid programs do as well. And there's
links for both of those down in the
description. Whether it's my master
internet marketing program where we go
through seven weeks, each class is about
3 to 5 hours in length. We cover one
topic per week. Super in-depth fire hose
of information. You come out a true
expert. On the other side, my offer for
rich people trying to get a lot richer
is my Jeremy's Inner Circle offer. An
incredible program, one-on-one
mentoring, weekly group calls, quarterly
in-person masterminds right here in good
old Miami, Florida. And by the way, we
still have the penthouse, of course, we
do the networking over at the penthouse,
and we just do the actual like day of
content with some networking. It's a
two-day thing. So, anyway, unlimited
access to Jeremy AI, huge course
library, tons of [__] that comes with
it, and it's very valuable. Helps rich
people get a lot richer for sure. But
anyway, my point being that's what you
have to be skilled at. However you
choose to be skilled at it and get the
confidence and certainty you need, you
need it. That's the moral of the story.
Now, once you actually have done the
math, okay, what you then need to do is
you need to pick a specific funnel or
you need to pick a set of funnels. Okay?
And you need to be able to plug your
offer into that successfully as well.
So, here's the thing. Different offers
require you and different sales teams
require you to play into the strengths
of what your business prefers and what
your customer type prefers. As a great
example of this, when we have sales
teams that are just absolute [__]
killers, they could give a [__] if
somebody books a call with them. They
just want to call as many people as they
can that had any baseline level of
interest. Even if it's curious or a low
level of interest, they don't give a
[__] They just want to dial and text
and follow up infinitely with as many
people per day as they possibly can. If
you've got that type of sales team,
there's no need to have essentially a
lot of the inefficiencies that come from
webinars or call funnels. You can just
run a strategy that leverages lead forms
like the Hydra strategy that's in almost
all instances going to get a far greater
quantity of leads and enable your
people, your sales people in this case
to immediately dial on those people and
have a lot more people to dial through
for the same dollars spent.
Comparatively, if your sales team right
now is used to a very warm lead, okay, a
webinar might be the best case scenario
for you. a call funnel with incredibly
well-built back-end selling systems like
well-built confirmation pages, the
hammer them campaign for remarketing and
putting content in front of those
people, which we talk about in depth on
this channel, of course, and in all the
paid programs that we have, value dense
email sequences, the setters, making
contextual lists of sales assets and
texting it to those leads prior to the
calls. That's likely what you're going
to have to play into if you have a sales
team that prefers scheduled calls and
prefers people to come through very hot.
Okay. The other very important thing to
note is you can have in either one of
these scenarios instead of the fronting
cash model with funnels, you can
liquidate the cost of that ad spend
through a low ticket to high ticket
funnel where you sell somebody
something. We recently saw that as an
example. It seemed like a [__] Super
Bowl level event for this info industry.
Specifically, we saw her mosi do an
absolute gangbusters
selfquidating.
I I looked at it more as a challenge
funnel because it was like upwards of 5
hour webinar, but still I mean it was
technically a webinar. The moral of the
story is he got people to buy a book and
had a handful of upsells in that
specific funnel prior to his webinar
happening. So, and he demonstrated this
inside of his webinar. He was profitable
going into it, right? And we've talked
about that on this channel with
challenge funnels specifically where
we've had upwards of a 1.9x
profitability and generated a few
million dollars on the back end in free
and clear profit because we were already
profitable on the leads that we acquired
that were going to show up where we
actually sold what we really wanted to
sell them. The high ticket thing. So low
ticket to high ticket can also be an
incredible option for you if you prefer
to liquidate some of your ad spend up
front. Here's the thing. In all
scenarios, whatever you specifically
commit to, there's a whole set of
problems that are just bundled together
waiting on the other side of you taking
these actions. Right? I've had clients
where they've done consistent
week-over-week webinars, risking 25K per
live webinar that they've done, changing
the specific day of the week or the
time, the webinar content, the show rate
sequences until maybe 2 months into it
or upwards of 3 months into testing.
They finally crack it and then are
cracking upwards of 5 to one or even
sometimes upwards of 10 to one rorowaz.
But it takes in that case low hundreds
of thousands of dollars in ad spend to
get to that point of profitability.
Thankfully, in that scenario that I'm
thinking of in this example I
articulated to you, they were
essentially breaking even on each
webinar that they've done. But that's
not even always best case scenario. Most
of the time, you're going to lose money
when you try a new funnel for a
sustained period of time until you solve
the problem, right? And that's where
paying for speed can make a lot of
sense. You bring in the right people
that can condense the timeline of
getting it to be profitable and not only
that, but getting it to be something
that can scale. Those two things are the
most important problems to solve. get it
to the point it's profitable and then
get it scaling. As long as you overcome
those two issues, which again are just
made up of so many little small issues a
part of it, you're going to have a great
time. But if you can't financially
endure that and there's a specific
funnel that might be more profitable for
you sooner, you want to buy into that.
you've likely heard and seen many times
over now, somebody that you know or
somebody that you look to in the
industry or somebody you maybe even view
as a competitor that's just [__]
crushing crushing it with a specific
funnel that you currently don't use. But
when you hear me say these things about
playing into your strengths, you might
be able to more easily conclude that it
just doesn't make sense for you to use
that funnel. It might make more sense
for you to use the specific funnel that
your strengths play into that you just
haven't attempted to actually try hard
on and scale with. You understand what
I'm saying? Once you actually get to the
point where you're like, "Okay, I've
done the math. Which specific funnel
type makes the most sense for me?" Let
me also just kind of close with this on
this specific point. Budget can also
make a big difference to which funnel
type you choose. So, if I'm going to do
something like a webinar, I have to
financially model out the webinar
statistics. I have to go look and make
sure that whatever I claim I want to
spend on that single webinar test is
going to generate enough opt-ins, get
enough people to show up, I'm going to
do well enough on the webinar to get
enough people to book a call or direct
checkout. There's then going to be
enough people if I do a book a call that
show up and close with X dollars for an
AOV that makes it profitable to do that
test. When we have clients that say I
want to do a webinar test and we do the
financial modeling, we'll usually have
to spend upwards of about three to four
times as much in the month for a test
budget on a webinar funnel comparatively
to a callunnel. Call funnels are a
little more relenting. They don't
require you to spend as much to have the
amount of opportunities that you need to
be able to work through with enough data
coming in to get to the point where
you're profitable and able to still
accumulate enough data along the way
when you're not profitable to make the
necessary changes confidently. You
understand? So, it's a little more
relenting in terms of ad spend. Right?
Again, when you pick a funnel, think
with budget. Think with the strengths
that you have. Okay? Try to play into
what what's already working. That's what
I'm essentially trying to articulate to
you when I say that. Play into what
works now for you. If you're doing DM
ads on Instagram shoutout campaigns
organically, just [__] run DM ads,
right? Don't don't do a call. Don't do a
webinar. Do DM ads. Makes total sense
for you. If you already do a call funnel
organically and all your leads are
coming in really well framed because
they're consuming a lot of content. From
there, you have to be able to pick the
right ad strategy or if you're going to
do organic, just the right acquisition
strategy in general. Here's the thing
with ad strategies. Okay? One thing that
I've done for over a decade, I've
pioneered these. I call them content
first ad strategies and I've got about a
dozen of them. These content first ad
strategies are pretty simple to
understand. I take content that's posted
organically and I replicate the organic
sales process via paid ads by
incorporating the content strategically
at different points in the advertising
and sales process. Sometimes I'll have
campaigns like my Venus fly trap or the
Venus fly trap 2.0 know or the harvester
or the tornado these larger or the
forester where I'll lead with content
and after either a sequence of content
is consumed or just a single piece of
content is consumed I'll then
immediately retarget people with direct
response ads and other strategies like
my reverse Venus fly trap like the
hammer them strategy or even just other
parts of the forester the tornado the
harvester as examples of my ad
strategies that require you to have
content will remarket content to people
after they've started to respond to
direct response. Whether it's just
retargeting them even if they didn't
convert, or whether it's hammering the
[__] out of them after they took a key
action like booking a call, replicating
the organic sales process via paid ads
is extremely important if you're doing
well with a callunnel organically and
you want to have a lot of success via
paid advertising. You can't just take a
callunnel by itself and raw dog it with
no content. That's not going to work for
you. Your salespeople are going to [__]
and moan and whine about how low quality
the leads are, about how cold people
are. They're gonna have a terrible time
and you're gonna have a terrible time.
Your dollars are just gonna [__]
vaporize. You have to be able to
replicate the organic sales process via
paid advertising, right? And yes, you're
absolutely right to think paid
advertising provides the consistency
you're looking for. But remember, key
point here, you have to solve a lot of
little problems and a fast succession to
get to the point where it's profitable
and then to get to the point where it's
scalable. Okay, this specific
combination, doing the math, picking the
right funnel, picking the right ad
strategy, obviously then requires you to
get into action. Okay, it requires you
to officially place the bet. Okay, this
is where you've determined your ad
budget that you want to start with. This
is where you financially modeled
everything out. This is after you've
picked your funnel. This is after you've
got your ad strategy in place, the ads
filmed, etc. By the way, one total side
note, pro tip, make sure that if you're
going to launch ads on Meta that you're
aware of Meta Andromeda, which is their
new advertising algorithm update. I've
made a video on my channel fully
dedicated to that topic. I've also made
another separate video on my channel as
it relates to a different algorithm
update that they also released. The
Andromeda update is extremely important
when it comes to the quantity and the
diversity of creatives that you launch
with when you officially go to
advertise. If your advertiser has not
prompted you and talked to you about
that, they need to know about it now
because it's likely [__] your dollars
and making you spend money less
efficiently than what you otherwise
could be if you followed the best
practices of it. I digress, though. The
point I'm trying to make is very simple.
You then got to place the bet and you've
got to expose the problems. Okay, I'll
say it again. There's a whole set, a
whole stack of a fuckload of things.
They're all there no matter what. If you
go slow, they're all still there
regardless. If you go fast, you deal and
solve the problems in a shorter duration
of time and therefore you get to the
point of profitability and scalability
sooner. Okay? You have to be a little
data hawk here. You've got to really
know the the numbers. You got to know
how [__] your KPIs can be, but still
enable you to scale and be profitable,
okay? You got to know what a bottleneck
is and where specifically you need to
concentrate attention in order to attack
a specific area, open up that
contraction, and get a fuckload more
people to funnel through. These are all
mandatory. These are non-negotiable
variables of the million-doll a month
scaling plan that you have to have.
Okay. The other very important thing is
you need to choose and commit to a pace.
A lot of people don't do this.
Therefore, the pace that they move at is
extremely random and controlled and
influenced by just things outside of
you, you know, outer influences. Man,
have I seen that so many times where
like somebody has some willingness to
commit to a fast pace and then all of a
sudden they get into the action and
like, you know, they encounter one of
the first problems they're going to deal
with and then it's just like, you know,
turtle speed.
>> We don't want to do that kind of stuff.
We want to commit to a pace and make
sure we stay at that pace. Okay, very
important. Once you get into the action
and you expose the problems, again, just
to reiterate, super simple. Speed in
which you solve problems dictates the
speed in which we succeed and get to the
point where we achieve this. Okay,
that's all it really is. And the speed
in which you move comes down to knowhow.
Okay? You don't know what you don't
know. And for those of you sitting here
thinking to yourselves, you know, I've
kind of committed to some of what's
already being talked about here, but
I've been stuck for a long time. You
have to update your software. You have
to update what you think. You have to be
able to put new data into your brain.
that gives you new opportunities to
think with new solutions. You only know
what you know, and you can only think
with what you know. That's why you're
sitting here right now watching this
very video. You're looking and seeking
new data that can help move you forward
and kick you up to that next level.
Again, if you're new to my channel, and
this so happens to be the very first
video you're ever consuming from me.
Every single video on my channel has so
much in-depth information on so many of
these individual problems that you may
face or literally are actively facing
right now. I would encourage that you go
consume those. And of course, when you
finally, trust me, when you finally get
results with what I've sat here, broke
down for you, and I'm communicating to
you. Join into one of my paid offers. I
am not one of those guys that puts all
my stuff out there for free online.
Quite the opposite. I put about 10 to
20% of what I know on places like here
on YouTube. And I withhold all the real
secret sauce, the juice, the things that
are probable to have that much more
impact from my paid programs, of course,
cuz you're paying for them. I'm really
good at my job of helping rich people
get richer. I understand the game.
You're going to give us money, you want
to turn it into more money. Okay, we're
really good at that. We fully understand
that that's the game that we play and we
play it extremely well. If and when you
become ready, again, look for the links
down in the description of any one of my
videos. Pick an offer that's best for
you and move on it cuz that's what we
do. We get you that additional data that
you need that helps you get to the point
where you can act with certainty, move
forward, and expand. So again, go check
out some of my other videos on the
channel. Thank you so much for being
here. It's an absolute pleasure to talk
with you. Of course, go get richer.
Toxin.